NMS-14633: Add alt text to Operation (pt. 2) (#5677)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/events/sources/syslog.adoc

Syslog messages sent over the network to {page-component-title} can be transformed into events according to preconfigured rules.

IMPORTANT: xref:reference:daemons/daemon-config-files/syslogd.adoc[Syslogd], which enables {page-component-title} to receive syslog messages over the network, must be enabled for this functionality to work.
This daemon is disabled by default.

== Parsers

> Parsers can be used to convert syslog message fields into {page-component-title} event fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use parsers to convert syslog message fields into {page-component-title} event fields.
```

[caption=]
.Syslog message parsers
[options="autowidth"]
|===
| Parser    | Description

| org.opennms.netmgt.syslogd.CustomSyslogParser
| Uses a regex statement to parse the syslog header.

| org.opennms.netmgt.syslogd.RadixTreeSyslogParser
| Uses an internal list of Grok-style statements to parse the syslog header.

| org.opennms.netmgt.syslogd.SyslogNGParser
| Strictly parses messages in the default pattern of syslog-ng.

| org.opennms.netmgt.syslogd.Rfc5424SyslogParser
| Strictly parses the RFC 5424 format for syslog messages.
|===

=== RadixTreeSyslogParser

The `RadixTreeSyslogParser` normally uses a set of internally defined patterns to parse multiple syslog message formats.

> To customize the set of patterns, you can modify `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/syslog-grok-patterns.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the set of patterns, modify `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/syslog-grok-patterns.txt`.
```

| String containing only valid IP address characters (IPv4 or IPv6).

| MONTH
| Three-character English abbreviation of the month.

| NOSPACE
| String that contains no whitespace.

| STRING
| String.
Because this matches any character, it must be followed by a delimiter in the pattern string.

| WHITESPACE
| String that contains only whitespace (spaces and tabs).
|===

[caption=]

> .`RadixTreeSyslogParser` semantic tokens

Reviewer: This is not showing up as a heading/label in the built file.

Author: Hmmm... maybe that's because of the unicode formatting? I'll do some troubleshooting

[cols="1,3"]
|===
| Semantic Token    | Description

| day

> | Two-digit day of month (1–31)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Two-digit day of month (01–31)
```

| Facility-priority integer

| hostname
| String hostname (unqualified or FQDN), IPv4 address, or IPv6 address.

| hour

> | Two-digit hour of day (0–23)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Two-digit hour of day (00–23)
```

> | Two-digit month (1–12)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Two-digit month (01–12)
```

> | Two-digit second (0–59)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Two-digit second (00–59)
```
